Get Started with the GoOSe Project
##################################

:date: 2012-02-20

The GoOSe Project is a meritocracy. Those that do the work and get involved decide its direction and focus.

As with any open source project, GoOSe needs contributors. There is always work to be done. If you have interest in helping the GoOSe Project, there are just a few steps you need to take to get involved.

  * `Sign Up <signup.html>`_
  *  Introduce Yourself
  *  Take on a Task
  *  Choose a Role
  *  Do Work
  *  Enjoy the Benefits

Getting involved in GoOSe is definitely something one should take time to consider. Once involved, it may lead to long hours in front of a computer, talking with cool people and working on cool projects. Don't let that dissuade you, there will also be releases and future events where all members of the GoOSe project will gather and enjoy a weekend of hacking and drinking.

Learn About the GoOSe Community
-------------------------------

The GoOSe Project communicates in many different ways. Here are the most common.

The GoOSe Social Networks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Check out our `Twitter <https://twitter.com/GooseProject>`_, `Identi.ca <http://identi.ca/group/gooselinux>`_, `Facebook <https://www.facebook.com/gooseproject>`_ and `Google+ <https://plus.google.com/114797883199505553142/posts>`_  status updates.

Planet GoOSe
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Read `blog posts <http://planet.gooseproject.org>`_ by the community. You can add your blog, too!

Chat with the GoOSe Community
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

GoOSe communicates in #gooseproject on `irc.freenode.net <http://irc.freenode.net>`_. If you have never used IRC before, check out the `IRC Tutorial <http://www.irchelp.org/irchelp/irctutorial.html>`_ to get started or use `web chat <http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=gooseproject&uio=MTE9MzY5cf>`_ provided by FreeNode.

Join the Discussion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

GoOSe has a mailing list, read or sign up below:

    `GoOSe Development List <https://groups.google.com/group/goose-linux>`_


